docs/index.md, before:

---
layout: home

hero:
  name: "KyneticBio"
  text: "Prototype your biology before you commit."
  tagline: "A flight simulator for supplements, medications, and lifestyle interventions. "
  actions:
    - theme: brand
      text: Try Kynetic Studio
      link: https://physim.jeffjassky.com
    - theme: alt
      text: Get Started
      link: /guide/getting-started
    - theme: alt
      text: Join the Discord
      link: https://discord.gg/FUqxCk8J

heroBullets:
  - Stack and compare supplements, meds & lifestyle interventions
  - Age, weight, and condition-scaled pharmacokinetics
  - 50+ physiological signals modeled in real-time

features:
  - title: Compare Before You Commit
    details: Should you take magnesium or L-theanine for sleep? Coffee or matcha for focus? Stack interventions side-by-side and see how they affect your signals over time.
  - title: Your Body, Your Model
    details: Configure age, weight, sex, and conditions like ADHD or POTS. The engine scales pharmacokinetics and receptor dynamics to your physiology - not a population average.
  - title: 50+ Signals, Hundreds of Agents
    details: From dopamine and cortisol to blood glucose and inflammation. Caffeine, Vyvanse, strength training, sauna, sleep - all modeled with real PK/PD pharmacology.
  - title: Kynetic Studio
    details: The full-featured interface with drag-and-drop timelines, multi-chart views, and AI chat for analyzing your results. <a href="https://physim.jeffjassky.com" target="_blank">Try It Free &rarr;</a>
---

Commit message:

Added initial code for individuated bloodwork

docs/index.md, after:

---
layout: home

hero:
  name: "KyneticBio"
  text: "Prototype your biology before you commit."
  tagline: "A flight simulator for supplements, medications, and lifestyle interventions. "
  actions:
    - theme: brand
      text: Try Kynetic Studio
      link: https://physim.jeffjassky.com
    - theme: alt
      text: Get Started
      link: /guide/getting-started
    - theme: alt
      text: Join the Discord
      link: https://discord.gg/FUqxCk8J

heroBullets:
  - Stack and compare supplements, meds & lifestyle interventions
  - Age, weight, and condition-scaled pharmacokinetics
  - 50+ physiological signals modeled in real-time

features:
  - title: Compare Before You Commit
    details: Should you take magnesium or L-theanine for sleep? Coffee or matcha for focus? Stack interventions side-by-side and see how they affect your signals over time.
  - title: Your Body, Your Model
    details: Configure age, weight, sex, conditions, and even real bloodwork lab results. The engine scales pharmacokinetics, drug clearance, and signal baselines to your physiology - not a population average.
  - title: 50+ Signals, Hundreds of Agents
    details: From dopamine and cortisol to blood glucose and inflammation. Caffeine, Vyvanse, strength training, sauna, sleep - all modeled with real PK/PD pharmacology.
  - title: Kynetic Studio
    details: The full-featured interface with drag-and-drop timelines, multi-chart views, and AI chat for analyzing your results. <a href="https://physim.jeffjassky.com" target="_blank">Try It Free &rarr;</a>
---
